analysis/README.md, before:

Analysis of Multiple object tracking data
==============

With R,
doAllAnalyses.R analyses all the data, after it's been anonymised by dataPreprocess

This uses some functions copied from the modelfree package.

Old temporal frequency versus speed analyses can be found in https://github.com/alexholcombe/speed-tf-VSS14

## Fitting a psychophysical function with logistic regression and custom link function

### Old method from <2014


I think with brglm, it doesn't support custom link function, so I scale the y's from guessing->(1-lapseRate) to 0 to 1. But then some of the data is actually below guessing and above 1-lapseRate, and because in logistic regression the y's can't be greater than 1 or below 0, I truncate those, which is not good. So need to switch to non-brglm so can use custom link function, and need to then use logit_link_private.

On line 35 of analyzeMakeReadyForPlot, line 35 set initialMethod to "glmCustomlink". Works , only thing is not a constrained fit. Thus, when the participant does poorly at slow speeds, the fit can accommodate that with either shallow slope or with low threshold. Thus:
    * the lapseRate does not actually mean what it says on the tin. This issue doesn't arise in most psychophysics because performance gets better with large values, not worse, with no actual bound. 
    * The curve fit may not reach the threshold

To-do: Add threshes to the plots so that can see where threshold extraction failed

## Newer method?

But with brglm2, brglmFit() now takes custom link functions. https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/brglm2/news/news.html

Example of custom link function https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/617389/custom-link-function-needed-for-generalised-linear-model-in-r

Turning any link function into a custom link function with upper bound, https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/617389/custom-link-function-needed-for-generalised-linear-model-in-r

A problem is that it's not constrained binomial regression, but we want to constrain it such that at speed = 0, %correct is 1-lapseRate. Unfortunately brglm doesn't provide constrained fit, not even in brglm2.
I suppose if we took the logarithm of the speed before doing the fit, it would do that, because log(0) = -infinity

Commit message:

curve fitting working, but uses subject number so need to do something about duplicate subjec tnumber upstream

analysis/README.md, after:

Analysis of Multiple object tracking data
==============

With R,
doAllAnalyses.R analyses all the data, after it's been anonymised by dataPreprocess

This uses some functions copied from the modelfree package.

Old temporal frequency versus speed analyses can be found in https://github.com/alexholcombe/speed-tf-VSS14

## Fitting a psychophysical function with logistic regression and custom link function

Is variable lapse rate not working? That would help quantify participants who can't do it at very slow speeds. Except that the curve fit doesn't constrain speed at 0 to be 100% correct, so the fit kind of yields an implicit lapseRate.

Unfortunately brglm2 doesn't provide constrained regression such that at speed = 0, %correct is 1-lapseRate.

Why was I using brglm (bias-reduced glm) in psychometricRobustify instead of plain glm anyway?

I'm looking for a glm that provides a deviance or fit error method, custom link function, and constraints. The glmc package might do that, and I could set the minimum threshold to zero, but threshold is a combination of slope and location parameter, and glmc only handles linear constraints.

## Newer method?

But with brglm2, brglmFit() now takes custom link functions. https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/brglm2/news/news.html

Example of custom link function https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/617389/custom-link-function-needed-for-generalised-linear-model-in-r

Turning any link function into a custom link function with upper bound, https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/617389/custom-link-function-needed-for-generalised-linear-model-in-r

A problem is that it's not constrained binomial regression, but we want to constrain it such that at speed = 0, %correct is 1-lapseRate. Unfortunately brglm doesn't provide constrained fit, not even in brglm2.
I suppose if we took the logarithm of the speed before doing the fit, it would do that, because log(0) = -infinity

### Old method from <2014

with original brglm, it doesn't support custom link function, so I scale the y's from guessing->(1-lapseRate) to 0 to 1. But then some of the data is actually below guessing and above 1-lapseRate, and because in logistic regression the y's can't be greater than 1 or below 0, I truncate those, which is not good. So need to switch to non-brglm or brglm2 so can use custom link function, and need to then use logit_link_private.

On line 35 of analyzeMakeReadyForPlot, line 35 set initialMethod to "glmCustomlink". Works , only thing is not a constrained fit. Thus, when the participant does poorly at slow speeds, the fit can accommodate that with either shallow slope or with low threshold. Thus:
    * the lapseRate does not actually mean what it says on the tin. This issue doesn't arise in most psychophysics because performance gets better with large values, not worse, with no actual bound. 
    * The curve fit may not reach the threshold

To-do: Add threshes to the plots so that can see where threshold extraction failed
